Add mempool integration tests (#3688)
aeternity/aeternity: docs/release-notes/next/http_endpoint_delete_tx_from_pool.md

* Adds new a group of HTTP endpoints: `node-operator`. It is to hold endpoints
  that are meant to provide functionality for tinkering with the node and
  diving into its internals. Those should be only `internal` and the group is
  disabled by default. The new group will be present only in the new `OAS3`
  API and will not be present in the old `swagger2` API.
* Adds a new HTTP endpoint: `DELETE /node/operator/mempool/hash/{hash}`. It
  deletes a transaction currently present in the mempool. It is a part of the
  internal `node-operator` API.
* Fixes a bug in the transaction pool: transactions with a TTL of 0 were not
  subject for GC of the transaction pool.

> * Fixes a bug in transaction pool: GC was triggered on syncing incoming

Reviewer: Not sure that was a bug, we intentionally avoid extra work (like TX pool GC) when we are producing micro-blocks in `aec_conductor`... But the intuition behind that was that there were lots of different miners...

* Adds new a group of HTTP endpoints: `node-operator`. It is to hold endpoints

>   that are meant to provide functionality for thinkering of the node and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  that are meant to provide functionality for tinkering with the node and
```
